A
E
T
RARO
WOULD SEE THE
REITSULTS OF THAT HOURS LONG
ETING THERE.
PERHAPS AN OUTCOME THAT WAS
EXPEED>>HAD THSUPPORT FOR , IS T
JUST WITHIN HIS GOVERNME.
ELEMENTS THAWETOINST THIS, BUT Y
DO THEY NOT HAVE THE VOTES TO
SO TOOIS GNMTHE VOTES TO
RRIED . ALSO KNEWPUBLIC
OPINION POLLS WE HAVE SEEN,
THIS WAS WHAT THE ISRAELI
NG
ALL THE HOSTAGES, IT WAS A
BE IN THE PROCS OF
THE GETTG OMATLEAST SOME OF THE.
NOWOMEN D
CHILDREN ARE FIRST, THEY HAVE
GOTTENH TENTION, AND THEN AT
INTERNATIOCAREE .
LEGAL OCESS,RS OBA
AGAIN, THE SMALLER WAR CABINETR.
WIING,
Y JOHN.
THERE  24-HOUR PERIOD
WHERE ANYBODWHE
COURT, AND TRY TO STOP IT.
THAT IS PART OF THIS PROSS,
FORMALITY.ELY, HOWEVER
THE EXPEATOITHROUGH,E SOME
ALAND THAT TOO WILL PLAY OUT IN
TH ATAGES
FIGHWIT I'MFMULTI DAY PAUSE IN
SEEING RIGHT NOW, IS WHEN PALESD
ORTING TS REALTIME.
WE WILL LET YOU BA
WORKING YOUR SOURCES.
LET USNOANYTHING NEW.
ISRAEL'S PRIME
DENIST T
HOSTAGE TALKS.
WE CAN NOW CALL IT THE HOSTAGE
CNN'S ALEX MARQUARDT IS WITH US
FROM THE EFFORT ON THAT.
AND EXOUEA YOUW, FROM THE
WHITE HOUSOU
P, JOHN AS OREN WAS
G, WE EXPECT THE
ERS TO ALSO
RELEASED FROM ISRAELI
PRISONS.
I'M WITE, I'M ALSO
LOOKING  MY PHONE HERE,
BECAUSE ANOTHER PART OF WHAT WE
IN THE COMING
HOURS IS A STE B
THEYE A VERY IMPORTA ROLE,N ALLI
HE ONEO DIWITH HAMAS.
THEY ALSO ENGAGE AT THE SAME
STAT
TH OF COURSE DOESN'T DEAL
THEY ARE TERRORIST
ORGANIZATION, SOE PECTING A STAE
S SSIBILITY THATCOS TOMORROW, B.
CENTRAL TO THIS PROCESS, NOT
BECAUS AMERICAN
HOSTAGES WHO ARE INVOLVED, SOME
TEER CITIZENS MISSING, AND BIE E
HOSTAGES, A MIX OF MEN, WOMEN,
AND CHILDREN.
ONE  THE MOST FAMOUS CASES ISSOD
P A FAY A C
THE --
AB A THREE-YEAR-OLS STSHE IS
FRIDAY.
SO, THIS HAS BEEN SO IMPORTANT
FOR TH,
HE CITIZENS.
BUT ALSO, BECAUSE THEY HAVE
IQ LH EACHFERS.
THE N E SENIOR
Y INVOLVED WITH
EVY THIS PROCESS
WE HAVE JUSTN THE TOP WHITE
HE MIDDLE
--
ROM THE MIDDLE EAST,
WHERE HE WAS CONTINUINTH
TALKS.
BEEN IN THE REGION, KIWITH H ISI
ANTH THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF
,  REPEATEDLY
WITH HIS COUNTERPARTS FROM
EARLIER TODAY, SAYING  HE HO
Y GETS UPDATES MULTITIMES A DAYE
SO, THIS IS GOING  BINTHE EXPECT
U.S. T
AMERICAN CITIZENS WILL BE AMONG
THF THE 50, HOPE
MORE IN THE DAYS AFTER THAT.
IS FRAMEWORKTHCONVERSATI
PRIME MISTANHU SAYING
TWO IMPORTANT THINGS TOD
GE DEAL FOR THISRAELI PELEBUT AE
FIGHTINGILL CONTINUE, TEE FIGHT.
SOWE
IONS TO CONTINUE, AN
S JUST TOUCHING, ON
EVENF Y 50 TO 70 HOSTAGES
ARE RELEASED DAYS,
THORY OF THOSE 236
ST HELD BY H WILL
BE IN GAZA, JOHN.
>> RIGHT, ALEX MARQUARDT,
ST
GETTING A LITTLEITFORMAT
EA THAT THE DEAL
WAS APPROVED BY THIS
CAH A SIGNIFICANT
MAJORITY, THAT IS ACCORDING TO
A GOVERNMENT SOUE,NG TO
LEGO TO CNN'S BECK
DE Q,
WHERE THE FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT
BECKT HO ANO YEAH WELL, WE HAVET
THE OFFICIAL ANNOUNCHERE YET, TG
H
CATTERIES WILL BE PU
ANNOUNCEMENT OUT FIRST, GIVEN
THAT THEY MEDIATED THESEKSWE HAE
.
ASN'T NOW BEEN
AGREED UPON.
IT WAS A PSA ISR IN THEARLY HOU.
THE TIMEERE NOW IS JR
SO THE ISRAELIS HAVE HAD TS24PA,
PS WOMEN AND DR,
45-DAPEODINKS, AND THIS PAUSE
CEASE, BOTH ON THE GROUNAND
SPOKEN WITH THE MEDIATORREA NUMY
D THAT THEY HAVE JUST
WER
A PERIGET THIS
DONE.
T AT THISTAGE, THAT PERIOD
OFM WILL ONLY ,
S PAUSE WILL START.
TH TS FROMERE,
EXCUSE ME.
A.M. IN QAT, THE QATARIS,
NEWS IS, HAS NOW BEEN ED T I CAY